hey this is Anthony with RevZilla TV and
in this video we're gonna do a brief
overview of the Fox Racing race frame
chest and roost guard I have Jason to my
left he's wearing the color black there
are four colors available including blue
and white basically what this is the
race frame is their top end roof guard
as well as chest protector that's gonna
be very comfortable and it's gonna be
somewhat modular so you have seven flex
points you have bio foam backing that
snaps away and can be washed and cleaned
up you have a full chest you have
shoulders you have biceps it's all
modular it's adjustable turn backwards
for me notice the flex on the back here
across the center of the back it's meant
to move with your body and in the areas
that are going to come very close to
your skin have additional foam and are
gonna be very comfortable turn back
around for me it's ventilated it's meant
and this is the top end from Fox it's
got the great graphic logos on it you
know it's just a polished and finished
piece notice that you'd be able to
adjust their screws or bolts that can be
brought out from the back and have this
thing moved or tightened with you Jason
is about 180 we have them in a median
say here you go with a medium or a large
depending on the fit there are three
sizes and for each size it goes up in
price you start at 119 and it ends at
149 for the large if you have any
questions about us shoot us a line at CS
at revzilla.com or 18 to 19 eine bucks
of chips are free if you get the wrong
size send it back to us or exchange it
for free and if you just don't like it
send it back with all the tags and
brand-new condition and never restock
maybe 100 percent back to your card you
can also earn teamzilla cash to it on it
which is our loyalty program allows you
to earn money towards your next order
it's our way of saving you money in the
long run thanks for watching revzillatv
today again this is the Fox Racing race
frame available at revzilla.com slash
fox racing i'm anthony as a Jason we'll
see you next time
you